collections/_projects/2015-11-03-framework.markdown, before:

---
layout: post
title:  "A Framework for TV Game Shows with Augmented Reality and Second Screen"
date:   2015-11-03 16:48:06 -0200
categories: [document, thesis]
permalink: thesisMSC
---
<b>April 2015</b>  
Authors: Antonio Lutfi, Bruno Feijó  
My MSc thesis, in Portuguese, originally titled <i>"Um Framework para Game Shows Interativos de TV com Realidade Aumentada e Segunda Tela"</i>. It proposes a framework for the development of interactive TV game shows using Augmented Reality in TV studios, which allows the participation of viewers using tablets and smartphones as the Second Screen. It also investigates new convergence paradigms between TV and video games, utilizing the concept of Play/Flow by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi as the desirable state to achieve while playing. All the code in this project was written in <span class="skill">Python</span>.<br>
[Full text(Portuguese)](https://www.dropbox.com/s/7vlref5lteqizg7/dissertacao.pdf?dl=0){:target="_blank"}
| [Summary(English)](https://www.dropbox.com/s/bb5pucpw06r43lp/thesisSummary.pdf?dl=0){:target="_blank"}  
[HTML Code Documentation](https://github.com/anlutfi/MScCode/tree/master/html){:target="_blank"}  
[Project Source (Python)](https://github.com/anlutfi/MScCode){:target="_blank"}  
[Simple test case, a game of Checkers (Python)](https://github.com/anlutfi/MScCode/tree/master/checkers){:target="_blank"}

Commit message:

{ 	modified:   collections/_education/GraduateCourses.markdown 	modified:   collections/_education/info.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/ICA.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/ICAD.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/OHMS.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/STA.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-ARadvertising.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-DownPay.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-HunterPrey.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-MarkerFinder.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-Poker.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-RegionDetect.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-RubberBand.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-TSP.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-framework.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-stockSVM.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2016-07-07-InvisibleWall.markdown } --> added descriptions

collections/_projects/2015-11-03-framework.markdown, after:

---
layout: post
title:  "A Framework for TV Game Shows with Augmented Reality and Second Screen"
description: My MSc thesis, it proposes a framework for the development of interactive TV game shows using Augmented Reality in TV studios with viewers' participation through Second Screen.
date:   2015-11-03 16:48:06 -0200
categories: [document, thesis]
permalink: thesisMSC
---
<b>April 2015</b>  
Authors: Antonio Lutfi, Bruno Feijó  
My MSc thesis, in Portuguese, originally titled <i>"Um Framework para Game Shows Interativos de TV com Realidade Aumentada e Segunda Tela"</i>. It proposes a framework for the development of interactive TV game shows using Augmented Reality in TV studios, which allows the participation of viewers using tablets and smartphones as the Second Screen. It also investigates new convergence paradigms between TV and video games, utilizing the concept of Play/Flow by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi as the desirable state to achieve while playing. All the code in this project was written in <span class="skill">Python</span>.<br>
[Full text(Portuguese)](https://www.dropbox.com/s/7vlref5lteqizg7/dissertacao.pdf?dl=0){:target="_blank"}
| [Summary(English)](https://www.dropbox.com/s/bb5pucpw06r43lp/thesisSummary.pdf?dl=0){:target="_blank"}  
[HTML Code Documentation](https://github.com/anlutfi/MScCode/tree/master/html){:target="_blank"}  
[Project Source (Python)](https://github.com/anlutfi/MScCode){:target="_blank"}  
[Simple test case, a game of Checkers (Python)](https://github.com/anlutfi/MScCode/tree/master/checkers){:target="_blank"}
