collections/_employment/ICAD.markdown, before:

---
layout: post
title:  "Programmer & Researcher @ ICAD/VisionLab"
date:   2015-11-03 16:48:09 -0200
categories: [previous, employment]
permalink: employerICAD
---

<b>From June 2013 to January 2016</b> - I was a Programmer at [ICAD/VisionLab](http://www.icad.puc-rio.br){:target="_blank"}, Prof. Bruno Feijó's Computer Vision, CG and Games lab at PUC-Rio <b>since June 2013</b>. I was one of the lead programmers in a 3D game written in <span class="skill">C#</span> using <span class="skill">Unity 3D</span>. One of its main research goals was to improve narrative and storytelling process on videogames.

I was also the sole programmer responsible for coding two projects for <a target="_blank" href="http://redeglobo.globo.com/">Rede Globo</a>, the largest brazilian TV network.  
The first one was [MarkerFinder]({{ site.baseurl }}/MarkerFinder), which aimed to make the process of mapping fiducial markers on a studio's ceiling automatic. This map of markers is used to calculate a camera's position in the studio, making it possible to superimpose graphical effects with precision. It's coded in <span class="skill">C++</span> using [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/){:target="_blank"}.  
The second deals with loading video frames to GPU, for faster image processing. It was written in <span class="skill">C</span>.

Commit message:

{ 	modified:   collections/_education/GraduateCourses.markdown 	modified:   collections/_education/info.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/ICA.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/ICAD.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/OHMS.markdown 	modified:   collections/_employment/STA.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-ARadvertising.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-DownPay.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-HunterPrey.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-MarkerFinder.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-Poker.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-RegionDetect.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-RubberBand.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-TSP.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-framework.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2015-11-03-stockSVM.markdown 	modified:   collections/_projects/2016-07-07-InvisibleWall.markdown } --> added descriptions

collections/_employment/ICAD.markdown, after:

---
layout: post
title:  "Programmer & Researcher @ ICAD/VisionLab"
description: Employment at a Gaming and Computer Vision lab. Dealt with experimental game development, Fiducial Markers mapping for a tv studio for Rede Globo and my MSc thesis.
date:   2015-11-03 16:48:09 -0200
categories: [previous, employment]
permalink: employerICAD
---

<b>From June 2013 to January 2016</b> - I was a Programmer at [ICAD/VisionLab](http://www.icad.puc-rio.br){:target="_blank"}, Prof. Bruno Feijó's Computer Vision, CG and Games lab at PUC-Rio <b>since June 2013</b>. I was one of the lead programmers in a 3D game written in <span class="skill">C#</span> using <span class="skill">Unity 3D</span>. One of its main research goals was to improve narrative and storytelling process on videogames.

I was also the sole programmer responsible for coding two projects for <a target="_blank" href="http://redeglobo.globo.com/">Rede Globo</a>, the largest brazilian TV network.  
The first one was [MarkerFinder]({{ site.baseurl }}/MarkerFinder), which aimed to make the process of mapping fiducial markers on a studio's ceiling automatic. This map of markers is used to calculate a camera's position in the studio, making it possible to superimpose graphical effects with precision. It's coded in <span class="skill">C++</span> using [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/){:target="_blank"}.  
The second deals with loading video frames to GPU, for faster image processing. It was written in <span class="skill">C</span>.
